1. How many pizzas were ordered?
2. How many unique customer orders were made?
3. How many successful orders were delivered by each runner?
4. How many of each type of pizza was delivered?
5. How many Vegetarian and Meatlovers were ordered by each customer?
6. What was the maximum number of pizzas delivered in a single order?
7. For each customer, how many delivered pizzas had at least 1 change and how many had no changes?
8. How many pizzas were delivered that had both exclusions and extras?
9. What was the total volume of pizzas ordered for each hour of the day?
10. What was the volume of orders for each day of the week?
11. How many runners signed up for each 1-week period? (week starts 2021-01-01)
12. What was the average time in minutes it took for each runner to arrive at the Pizza Runner HQ to pick up the order?
13. Is there any relationship between the number of pizzas and how long the order takes to prepare?
14. What was the average distance traveled for each customer?
15. What was the difference between the longest and shortest delivery times for all orders?
16. What was the average speed for each runner for each delivery, and do you notice any trend for these values?
17. What is the successful delivery percentage for each runner?
18. What are the standard ingredients for each pizza?
19. What was the most commonly added extra?
20. What was the most common exclusion?
21. Generate an order item for each record in the customer_orders table in the specified format.
22. Generate an alphabetically ordered comma-separated ingredient list for each pizza order from the customer_orders table.
23. What is the total quantity of each ingredient used in all delivered pizzas, sorted by most frequent first?
24. If a Meat Lovers pizza costs $12 and Vegetarian costs $10 and there were no charges for changes - how much money has Pizza Runner made so far if there are no delivery fees?
25. If there was an additional $1 charge for any pizza extras, including cheese, how much money has Pizza Runner made?
26. The Pizza Runner team wants to add a ratings system. How would you design an additional table for this new dataset, and insert your own data for ratings for each successful customer order between 1 to 5?
27. Using your newly generated ratings table, can you join all the information together to form a table with specific information for successful deliveries?
28. If a Meat Lovers pizza costs $12 and a Vegetarian pizza costs $10 with no cost for extras, and each runner is paid $0.30 per kilometer traveled - how much money does Pizza Runner have left over after these deliveries?
29. If Danny wants to expand his range of pizzas, how would this impact the existing data design? Write an INSERT statement to demonstrate what would happen if a new Supreme pizza with all the toppings was added to the Pizza Runner menu?
